Add documentation for check-capacity Provisioning class (#6904)
kubernetes/autoscaler: cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md

Since version 1.0.0 we consider CA as GA. It means that:

* We have enough confidence that it does what it is expected to do. Each commit goes through a big suite of unit tests
   with more than 75% coverage (on average). We have a series of e2e tests that validate that CA works well on
   [GCE](https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-autoscaling#gce-autoscaling)
   and [GKE](https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-autoscaling#gke-autoscaling).
   Due to the missing testing infrastructure, AWS (or any other cloud provider) compatibility
   tests are not the part of the standard development or release procedure.
   However there is a number of AWS users who run CA in their production environment and submit new code, patches and bug reports.
* It was tested that CA scales well. CA should handle up to 1000 nodes running 30 pods each. Our testing procedure is described
   [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/proposals/scalability_tests.md).
* Most of the pain-points reported by the users (like too short graceful termination support) were fixed, however
   some of the less critical feature requests are yet to be implemented.

> * CA has decent monitoring, logging and eventing.

Reviewer: The term "decent" might be subjective. I recommend that we use more factual information, if possible.

Author: This is an automated formatting change and doesn't belong to the actual documentation that I added

For a complete list of the feature gates and their default values per Kubernetes versions, refer to the [Feature Gates documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/).

### How can I use ProvisioningRequest to run batch workloads

> Provisioning Request (abbr. ProvReq) is a new namespaced Custom Resource that aims to allow users to ask CA for capacity for groups of pods. For a detailed explanation of the ProvisioningRequest API, please refer to the [proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/proposals/provisioning-request.md).

Reviewer 2: Please split the line into more, this should not influence how the result is rendered.

#### Enabling ProvisioningRequest Support

1. **Cluster Autoscaler Version**: Ensure you are using Cluster Autoscaler version 1.30.1 or later.

2. **Feature Flag**: Enable ProvisioningRequest support by setting the following flag in your Cluster Autoscaler configuration:

> --enable-provisioning-reques=true.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`--enable-provisioning-request=true`.
```

For a complete list of the feature gates and their default values per Kubernetes versions, refer to the [Feature Gates documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/).

### How can I use ProvisioningRequest to run batch workloads

ProvisioningRequest (or ProvReq) is a new namespaced Custom Resource that allows you to ask CA for capacity for groups of pods. For a detailed explanation of the ProvisioningRequest API, please refer to the

> [proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/proposals/provisioning-request.md).

Reviewer 4: Is that up to date? IIRC we've made some changes from the original design during the implementation?

Author: I think implementation details are not correct, but the API didn't change except of suffix, so I think it's ok to refer this proposal for detailed explanation of the ProvisioningRequest API. 
I added "original proposal" to emphasise that some other details of the proposal could be outdated.

> Provisioning Request (abbr. ProvReq) is a new namespaced Custom Resource that aims to allow users to ask CA for capacity for groups of pods. For a detailed explanation of the ProvisioningRequest API, please refer to the
> [proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/proposals/provisioning-request.md).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ProvisioningRequest (or ProvReq) is a new namespaced Custom Resource that allows you to ask CA for capacity for groups of pods. For a detailed explanation of the ProvisioningRequest API, please refer to the
[proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/proposals/provisioning-request.md).

```

#### Enabling ProvisioningRequest Support

1. **Cluster Autoscaler Version**: Ensure you are using Cluster Autoscaler version 1.30.1 or later.

2. **Feature Flag**: Enable ProvisioningRequest support by setting the following flag in your Cluster Autoscaler configuration:

> --enable-provisioning-reques=true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--enable-provisioning-reques=true`.
```

#### Supported ProvisioningClasses

> Currently, ClusterAutoscaler supports following ProvisioningClasses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClusterAutoscaler supports the following ProvisioningClasses:
```

* `check-capacity.autoscaling.x-k8s.io`. 
When using this class, Cluster Autoscaler performs following actions:

  * **Capacity Check**: Determines if sufficient capacity exists in the cluster to fulfill the ProvisioningRequest.

>   * **Reservation** (if capacity is available): Reserves this capacity for the ProvisioningRequest for 10 minutes, preventing other ProvReqs from using it.

Reviewer 4: Should we stress it out more that this is just 'reserving' in the sense of changing outcome of other check-capacity requests? It's not reserving it from other pods that may be created.
You say that at the end of the sentence, but I think it's worth highlighting. To me a default interpretation of reserving capacity would be a guarantee that no-one else will use it - but that's only true if everyone is blocking their job creation on check-capacity requests (i.e. in practice this only works for Kueue and no-one else).

Author: Thanks, added stress that we reserve capacity from other ProvReqs

Reviewer 3: Just for my understanding (it doesn't have to go in the documentation):
It also blocks individual Pods that cluster-autoscaler processes from using that capacity. But because those pods would likely just be scheduled by kube-scheduler, in practice nothing prevents them from taking it.
Is that understanding correct?

Reviewer 4: That's not true, at list not how it's implemented in #6880 right now - you're only booking capacity _after_ CA assigns all the pending pods to the nodes (which happens in FilterOutSchedulable / PodListProcessor) and you're only booking it until the end of CA loop. Meaning that any pending pod that shows up next loop will be allocated to this capacity before you re-book it.
As-is the implementation is only really preventing scale-down. To reserve from pods as you described the booking logic would need to happen before FilterOutSchedulable, not after it.

Author: You're right, thanks for correcting me! 
Aldo, your understanding is correct, it doesn't make a lot of sence to block CA from using the capacity, since CA just tries to predict behaviour of scheduler.

  * **Condition Updates**:

>   Adds a Accepted=True condition when ProvReq is accepted by ClusterAutoscaler and ClusterAutoscaler will check capacity for this ProvReq.
>   Adds a Provisioned=True condition to the ProvReq if capacity is available.
>   Adds a BookingExpired=True condition when the 10-minute reservation period expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Adds a `Accepted=True` condition when ProvReq is accepted by ClusterAutoscaler and ClusterAutoscaler will check capacity for this ProvReq.
  Adds a `Provisioned=True` condition to the ProvReq if capacity is available.
  Adds a `BookingExpired=True` condition when the 10-minute reservation period expires.
```

be added in future):

* on kube-system/cluster-autoscaler-status config map:
  * ScaledUpGroup - CA increased the size of node group, gives
      both old and new group size.
  * ScaleDownEmpty - CA removed a node with no pods running on it (except
      system pods found on all nodes).
  * ScaleDown - CA decided to remove a node with some pods running on it.
      Event includes names of all pods that will be rescheduled to drain the
      node.
* on nodes:
  * ScaleDown - CA is scaling down the node. Multiple ScaleDown events may be
      recorded on the node, describing status of scale-down operation.
  * ScaleDownFailed - CA tried to remove the node, but failed. The event
      includes error message.
* on pods:
  * TriggeredScaleUp - CA decided to scale up cluster to make place for this
      pod.
  * NotTriggerScaleUp - CA couldn't find node group that can be scaled up to
      make this pod schedulable.
  * ScaleDown - CA will try to evict this pod as part of draining the node.

Example event:

```sh
$ kubectl describe pods memory-reservation-73rl0 --namespace e2e-tests-autoscaling-kncnx
Name:   memory-reservation-73rl0

...

Events:

>   FirstSeen LastSeen Count From   SubObjectPath Type  Reason   Message

Reviewer 4: nit: Should this be formatted that way? This is a copy-paste from kubectl output (ie. preformatted text), not markdown

Author: Right, updated to the previous version.
